Project explain :-
	 This project deals with developing an e-commerce 
website for Online saree sale. this project has some key 
features like 
Product listing: Displaying products with their details.
Product search and filtering: Allowing users to search and 
filter products based on various criteria.
Shopping cart: Allowing users to add products to their 
cart and manage the cart.
User authentication and registration: Enabling users to 
sign up, log in, and manage their accounts.
Checkout process: Guiding users through the purchase 
process.
Order history: Allowing users to view their past orders.


and the technologies and libraries that we have used in 
the project, 
such as React.js, Redux (if used for state management), 
React Router for navigation, Axios for API calls, etc.


My role :-
my role primarily revolved around front-end development 
and user interface design. I was responsible for creating 
and managing various React components, ensuring they were 
reusable.

comming to my key responsibilities 
I designed and implemented several core components of the 
application, such as the product listing, product details, 
shopping cart.

I contributed to setting up and managing the application's 
state, using Redux for centralized state management. 
This allowed us to have a consistent data flow throughout 
the app. 

I integrated the front-end with the backend APIs using 
Axios, ensuring smooth data retrieval and updates. This 
involved fetching product information, user data, and 
managing the shopping cart state.

   
also I configured React Router to handle navigation within 
the application, enabling users to move between pages 
efficiently.


folder structure:-
components{announcement,category,ctegoryItem,product,navbr }
pages{home,productlist,productDetails,cart,login}
redux  



Git
1) first i'll get access to the project repo.
2) i'll have to clone the project in our machine.(git clone 'link')
3) create new branch for creating & going inside branch
	git checkout -b branchName 
4) after updating the code (git add .)& then (git commit -m 'msg')
5) git push origin branchName
6) for merging code to master click on contribute and pull request 
on github site
7) create pull request
8) then team lead will review and merge pull request.





 